I am talking on the computer!!!!!!!!!! Beep boop 100100010 1010101101 00101100101 means I lick dick.
Vote dongs.
I'm some kind of gay rodent.
I'm some kind of gay emoticon.  :-)
You appear to be gayer than I.
I miss the good old days where I could choke down a 12 oz. dong at the corner pokery.
But I don't miss the part where you wack my nuts with a stick for forty minute stretches.
I am half off with a lucky rewards card.
I am instructing others not to check you for ripeness, etc.
You are the king of my pants!
I'm the captain of your balls.
We have a witness that can place your dong in the same neighborhood as my face last July 4th.
I fail to see what the toilet has to do with my performance reviHGULAHALUHALHGUALGHULAHGULAHGLAHGLAHGA  Sir I AHUGLAHGLUAHGULAHGLA HGLAHGLAHGLAHG  Regarding my salary HGALHALGAHLGUAHUGLAH LGAGLAHLAHGULAHLAHGLAG
Holy Christ just dongs everywhere and so suddenly -- poking and whapping me -- it's like I'm running backwards naked through a cornfield.
It's like I've got the gay that just won't stop.
You need Gay Away.
Sir I'm going to need an answer to my question before the gay overwhelms me.
Holy crap -- zero G means I can finally realize my cock sucking dreams.
Well the Safeway lady claims she has no idea if I've purchased an adequate ratio of tissue paper / Hustlers.
Lord God you're banging my yarmulked head against the incinerator.
Poo poo poo poo poo poo poo poo poo poo poo poo.  I am stuck in a poo loop.
Note to myself: Boobs.
Ham-merred.  That means I'm a wanna be ham that has strayed from the righteous path.  Okay it means I'm drunk.
That is not a conundrum that is a gay dream.
I don't fucking understand what is wrong with you.
I don't know about you but I'd like Tori Spelling to give me some 9-0-2-1-Oral sex.
I think diaper humour is going to sky rocket over the next few weeks.
Well long story short there is no such thing as "Dongazine" and I'm still overweight and my mouth hurts.
Do you ever piss in your fat mouth and then go BLUGHLBUHLGUHBLUHGLU I'm a fountain?
Try piss for a refreshing change of pace.
So anyway there I was in the Congo, licking silverback gorilla dick.
You get so huffy when it comes to the dicks.
You're really stabbing me in the face and groin with that ballpoint pen.
The question is not whether it's art or pornography people, the question is how far is that bat up the guy's ass.
Perhaps the answer to the gentleman's question lies here, in my pants.  The answer is cock!!!!!!!
Fuck you and lick dick.
Remember when we lived together and we would take the bus to various gay places and you would insist you were not gay but boy did Leslie and Cecil and Frederick at Blowhole's know otherwise.
Now I'll never be a Crip (or a Blood or whatever you fags are).
Lick dick old bean!!!!!!!!!!
Note: heart still going on.
Christ my turban's on fire.
I think this dot is too big, I cannot lift my gay head.
Shut your cake hole, get me out of jail, and hump my hip.
I like to practice being gay in front of a mirror.
Note: a good magician never chokes down the same dick twice.
My dad poofed into a bat and flapped into my room and put his wing down my pants.
I read literature on the Italian poke circa 1793.
I am straight out of Compton.
I'm seriously juggling my balls here folks.  Hoop hoop hoop OK one hand now hop hop hop hop OK eating one while continuin to juggle hop Holy Christ that fucking hurt.
Everytime I roll this d4 I get some squiggly Jew letter.
I am reaching my hand under the partition for coins/tokens.
Instead of Egg McMuffin they should call it Egg McStuffin' because I can't stop stuffin' my face with dick.
Fool!!!!!!  Jews don't have dicks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm a skilled immigrant with a tie and a resume and a dream.
You are seriously doubling or tripling the nougat.
I'd say a fat Indian girl already has three strikes against her.
O say can you HULASHGLAHGLAHLGAHGLHALGHULAHG.
I am flopping both my pants pockets out and asking you to kiss the bunny on the nose.
Get that man an ice cold prick.
I was born in a small town.  Licked dick in a small town.  It was more like a stall town.  Hitler had just one ball town.
You might say I'm "smoking marijuana" "right now" and "I'm really fucking high."
I'm hoping for the Slashdot effect on my mouth, face.
I'm a fresh morning boner.  Jerk me before you have to go to work.
Dicks and pricks baked in the oven and served to me on a silver platter.
She can star with Christopher Reeve in "The Woman Who Choked Down the Dick of a Guy Who Probably Wasn't Even Aware of It."
My mouth is toilet compliant.
I'm going to smoke this dope and see what happens.  Five hookers?!?!?!?!?!  But but.  Wait.  Remembering.
We're not going to take it.  No.  We're not going to take it.  OK taking it now.  Really really taking it and trying to look out the window (thinking about ice cream, ice cubes).
O Christmas dong O Xmas dong HAULGHALGHLG.
Balls hanging too low / Careful you'll put an eye out / Give them room to swing.
When face raping someone there's something to be said for getting a good running start.
Sounds like the note pad and the calculator are fighting again!!!!!!!!
It is Schrodinger's Pizza and is neither in your apartment nor out of it and yet both at the same time.
I am learning a lesson in politeness, dicklicking.  Also pies curiously enough.
If I could be any kind of flower I'd be a big fat angry cock.
And I would be the HUGLURHLUGHRLUH bird.
Chin up !!! I've just taken your mind off of your AIDS for ten seconds (while you shouted and yelped in pain at your scalded nuts).
Clamping the clown nose on my dong and looking for anyone elderly/comatose.
I have been punched in the head and ass for the last twenty minutes straight.  (Bruising, swelling, asking for ice).
10 Adam 12 we have a dicklicking in progress.
Fuck, I just had this freak accident where I sat down to work and I spilled dope into the bong and the lighter flicked out and set it on fire and the wheels of my chair slipped back and I inhaled the dope smoke and ate a muffin.
I've got two big boners and a microphone.
I'm PG-13.
Dicks ??? More Dicks ??? Perhaps bigger dicks still ????
You're a strange faggot aren't you.
Fucking faggot (let's have gay sex).
I, sir, am jerking.
Also they are my "breasts" not melons or jugs.
[c[o[c[k[s
I wish to inspect your apparatus.
I had AIDS before it was cool.
I cannot believe the insolence !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
All you do is make jokes and threaten rape.
Our new operating system will offer dynamic dicksucking and virtual cocksucking.
Okay I'm intercepting your packets and decoding your secret gayness so give me money.
I see you scanning gay groups and giving out your work number on channel #faggot.
One time I was minding my own business.  This Mexican rapes me in the mouth and otherwise.  I'm like "Hey.  Quit it."  But rape me he did.  Man alive I learned a lesson that day.  My kneepads are wearing out.
My whole life is like the Truman Show only my ratings need a serious boost due to the lack of cameras or people giving a shit.
HULAGHLUA ALHUG HALHA GLHAULG HALG (Brief bursts of dicklicking).
Ow this is not a flipbook this is an actual boner.
Are you Bob Hope cheering me up with news from home and a whore?
I would like to rule in favor of this dog shit!!!!
HULAHGLAHGLUUAHLHALGHLAG See ending with a G is a more controlled cocksucking session.  It is a science men.
I wish I were toilet trained.  Note the use of the subjunctive indicating a condition contrary to fact.
I need to be pumped so full of spurt that I cannot see straight.
You promised uberdongs.  I only see this dirty bucket of dongs here.  What have we wrought.
Folks I've been kicked off the rape survivor's e-group.  I really feel like I have been violated twice now.
What kind of problem could ever be involved with dicklicking ?!?!?
I will sue for the right to lick your dick.  (Pushing rolled-up constitution through hole)
I'm propped up like a soldier and stopped up like a toilet.
Well cockmouth.gif was exactly as advertised.
I would like for my toilet to be deeper.  I.E. for the poop to fall farther.  The fall should be long enough that the poop is scared.
It is the only way the poo will learn.
Loose lips lick dicks.
I will not be able to view your 21MB AVI attachment, I had to abort the download.  Repeat: abort the download.
My boner lies over the ocean.  My boner lies over the sea.  Call the enclave.
We are all watching the dongs.
Could one of you please give me a boost so I can better stalk Fiona Apple?
HULBGHULGDBHULBGDBGHULDBGDHULBAGDHLBGDHLUGB That is a Lincos-like message transmitted to all the nearby sunlike stars.  They will realize that Earth is populated by fucking homos and stay clear.
I'm seriously inviting you to fuck my face.
If you don't mind please remove your dong from my armpit.
So I signed up for joining a penal colony but well long story short it wasn't what I thought it was going to be.
Dicks, etc.
You said there was water on the moon and instead it's just more goddamn cocksucking.
Please help me pick out a gown for the cocksuckers ball.
I accidentally spilled dope smoke into my mouth and lungs ten times.
Diagnosis: cinnamon buns.
I am Dig Dug and I am going to inflate you until you pop.
The closest distance between two points is beating off !!!
He smiles even though I am punching him, using him as a jackoff familiar.
(I vote for more sufferage).  (And less roughage).
You get out of here sir.  You have contaminated the pool.
I'm a poo pet.
Denzel's using a Powerbook so you know the movie is fake right there.
Balls?????????????????
I am telling you to twist Paddle 0 and you are twisting Paddle 1.
Canadian boners taste like maple for some reason.
Oh lord my intestines are wrapped around my gym shorts.
Folks I'm sad to report I am dying from Dicklicker's disease but I really think you'll find my required treatment ironic and inexpensive!!!!!! F-R-E-E.
I will start a club called The Gay and Lesbian and Homosexual and Lesbian and Lesbian and Gay and Homosexual and Gay and Lesbian and Gay and Gay and Homosexual and Gay and Lesbian and Gay Club and it will be called the GALAHALALAGAHAGALAGAGAHAGALAG Club.
The stark story of a family living in the Millennium and the problems they are faced with as they are killed off one by one.
My dong is what you would call "al dente."
We should start licking for the new year --> Now <--
Someone needs the nighttime sniffling sneezing coughing aching wheezing stuffy-head fever so you can suck a dick medicine.
Pray for cock.  Pray with me now.  Let us pray.  For cock.
Hey look everyone, I'm Italian.  Mmm that's a good pizza pie.  My red and white striped shirt sure fits nice.  I like boys.  Holy God my Italian weiner just got fat like a salami when I said that.  I'd better shut up.  I'm Giovanni the Italian pedophile.  Shhhhhhhhhh.
In the movie Se7en I played the guy on the cot with the tubes in his balls.
Please don't tell anyone about my boner under the table at Thanksgiving.
"Too much poo," said Poppa Bear.
I'm going to leave my dong cooling on the windowsill!!!!!  Nobody better choke it down while I'm taking a nap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Stephen King's "The Poking"
It's showtime at my balls.
Lift your fucking feet when you walk otherwise W.W. III.
It's not about licking dick it's about licking dick under oath.
Dear Madonna, please show me your boobs again.  CC: Britney  BCC: Backstreet Boys.
Goddamnit lady I said on the phone I needed someone to dribble and drool long stringy strands of slobber all over my dick and subsequently her face!!!!!!!!!  Instead you are copping some loser-bitch whiny attitude which forces me to bang your head against the marble sink.
You've made us the laughing stock of the entire quadrant.
Did someone say prison rape?
I'm a short wide goth who's making a cyberdifference!!!!!!!!!!!
Also this just in straight from the front lines: HUALGHLAHLAHGLUAG
I am still only thirty-five cents.
Good Lord get that guy a dick stat he's in dickless delirium.
Man the pantaloons.
It's Sucker Punch a Queer month at your northern California Mazda dealer.
I swear to God I'm Lois Lane and those are not heroin needles.
If Christopher Reeve gets to be paralyzed then I get to be crazy.
I wish I could dial nine to get my head outside of the toilet.
There is no such thing as a bathroom patrol.  And you are not Officer Dongalong.  But you know what I am willing to be arrested, chained somewhere.
I am punching your pre-paid blowjob card twice because you did not bathe today.  Make that three times (uncircumcized).
I just told some stupid marketing whore she was a hot little fillie!!!!!  And she made one of those "mad, outraged" faces.  Then I pulled her blouse up over her head and squeezed her titties right through her bra!!!!!!!!!  Well back to looking at porn.
I will milk you, collect your eggs and be your baby duckling.
Yes sir no sir sucking dick sir.  All my cocks in a big fat row sir.
Words I learned by reading Larry Flynt publications: cockslut, dirt hole, prick hound, piss-scented, spent hose, ropy trajectory, mopping jizz, ball-shriveling, cowlike.
I'll have you know a "faggot" can also mean a tightly-wrapped bundle of dicks!!!!  I mean sticks.  Guess I had a Freudian splurt!!!  I mean spluttery face!!!!  I mean faggoty slobberlgblkgpth.
Should I get another beer? [Y/N]
I'm going to keep you in a box.  Be my valentine.
These bombs are dropping courtesy of Taco Bell and Pepsi!!!!!!!  Yo quiero Taco Bell!!!!  BOOM SMASH BURN
Sir in the next stall are you masturbating or beating eggs for an omelette?
I wish I could just flap my arms and fly away from the cruelty and fatness (but not from the hamburgers and hamburgers with cheese).
Let's go to the moon and lick dick.
I'm seriously suggesting we slurp and suck in a sincere, patient manner.
I am slowly morphing into a total cocksucker !!!  The before and after snapshots are exactly the same ?!?  Along with each frame during the morph ???  Well that can mean only one thing !!!  Hompth hurmpth I was a cocksucker the whole god damn time hurmpth purmpthkglk.
Everyone be quiet I have something to say !!!     ASFLKJADS :FLSD :FSD:LIF :(W#UR) (
The poop deck is full again.
I will drug you and fuck you.  What?  Yes I'll hold.
I'm a limpwrithted Jedi Mathter uthing the Forth.
Jesus the gayness is overwhelming.
I like dick ????? Do you?
Hello can you hear me ???  Hello ?!?  [X] I like dick <--- see !!!  I checked the box.
ARRRRG This be Martha's Boneyard.
Strong boner related crypto at work here people.  Trying to crack the code (IE figure out how the stupid 501 bluejeans zipper works).  Thank God for button fly bluhhhh duh glormpth.
Lack of Hispanics on TV decried.  A literal brownout.  A virtual whitewash.
I would like to suck cocks with a -r for recursive and a -f to be forced.
We can prick & we can poke.  We can fuck & we can choke but the best part of all...  HUGALUGAH toilet sex.
To calculate how many dicks I've licked you'd need one of those hilarious web page counters that keeps spinning and flipping out of control with the numbers appearing to race upward to infinity but really only getting to 999999 before resetting to 000000.
Free time on your hands?  Think dick.
I wish to report an unlicked dick in the northwest corner of my pants !!!
I'm all over this stand back everybody HUGA GLUAG LAUG LAGUAL
I took an oath to roam near and far, licking dicks.
Well I finished the leftover Pontillos pizza and the leftover frozen pizza and now I'm going for the pizza-flavored croissant pockets and then anything remotely shaped like or in the same room as pizza.
All together now.  HUGAOLGULAGALUGALUG ALGUALGUALGUALGUAGU ALGUALGUALGUALGUALGUALGUALG
How come tonight the moon is all full when yesterday the moon was bruised and reddish beaten like a date gone all bad?
You know what's the worst part about licking dick ?!?!?!  Pissing blood.
Let's talk about dicks now (because we never talk about that).
It's not my fault that you're bereft of LBHALBHGLBHALBHGLBHLBHLBHLGA
Holy God there they are.  GLHBLHGBLHAGBLHGBLGHBLHGBLGHB  The dicks, the dicks!
Trying to fist myself and failing.  Trying again.  Some success.
A funny thing happened in the big stall just before I came out here.  So I'm suckin' away at this guy's dick right?  He reaches over and clocks me square in the chops.  So I can't help it and I clamp down my queer mouth.  So I figure I'll calm him down and I pull out some Judy Blume books.  Just a little impromptu open reading, first Blubber, then Superfudge.  Okay looks like my time's up.
Holy Christables!
Only God and the Hubble telescope know what I'm beating off to.
Dammit who let Hitler in?
Warning on lighter:  Keep away from children.  How the fuck are they supposed to get high?  I will hold the lighter for them.  Grow up and put the bong in your mouth you goddamn baby.
I'd like to complain about this porn video.  It's got no jerkoffable girls.  Or however you say it.  I don't know all the legal mumbo jumbo.
If the whole world licks dick in unison would anyone be able to hear it ?!??  Or would it all just cancel out?
Here in the lab we're developing artificially intelligent cocks that suck themselves and also each other.  Holy God the experiment is out of control!
I love girls everyone.  I'm straight.  Hating fags right now.  I'll be right back.  Mmm HURR loving dick.  Not gay people.
Hey let's go to lunch together and slap each other's dicks with chopsticks.
P.S. When I come back I'd like to be called "G Dogg" because I will have joined a gang with some very odd toilet-related initiation rituals.  Holy Christables I'll bet they're not a gang.  Man am I pissed with Jizzy J.
Be gay with me now.  Here under the sink.  I will tie a sponge to the pipes so when you bang your head it hurts less.  Please do not eat the dishwasher detergent.  Stop playing with the ant poison and pay attention to my attentionables.  Love me HULRHLGHGLUHGLUHGULG.  *BONK* Ow Ow Ow!  I should have tied that sponge up there.
Shit with your heart and not just your dumb ass.
FURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRP Uncontrollable diarrhea!
Holy Christ I'm gay.  Hello people, gay.
Goodnight moon.  Goodnight nuts.  Goodnight fat guy at the end of the Holy God!  MURPH BURPH
Don't look at my gay little legs.
Get your head out from underneath the partition.  I am trying to use the toilet and I find your antics disconcerting.
You keep saying we'll go to the moon but it never happens.  Quite frankly I don't think humankind (especially fags) will ever leave the atmosphere.
This area is white and spacelike but it is clearly the john and not the lunar landscape you promised.
Standing on a chair and beating off, hoping the vibrations resonate through our intergalactic community and broadcast a message to gay aliens (or as I like to call them "Mexicans").
I think I know how to refer to the cocks I suck thank you very fucking much.
How come I haven't even tried to jerk off to my new porn ?!?!?!?  A dilemma (also an analema).
I am part of the committee for placing nuts on top of other nuts.  You have my personal guarantee of safety and/or satisfaction.  C'mon put 'em right here.  Someday that line will work.
Every time I reach into the can the Pringles are farther away ???  Is this some sort of quantum tubular phenomenon ?!?
Somebody better tell my nuts to shut up.  Stop talking.  Shut up nuts seriously people are looking.  I will not.  Shut up.  No you do.  You do.
The next time you hang a man make sure he's HLUG AHAGHLAG HLAHU
I've got to comb my hair and leave the stall like a normal person!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Nobody is staring at me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If we touch dicks will there be an arc?  ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZT  Proof positive.
Folks it turns out Nantucket Cranberry Lemonade bottlecaps are just wide enough to fall down into the bong and create a tight seal which can only be released with a long pencil!!!!!!  Or chopstick.  Careful of the sploosh!!!!!!!!!!!!  In your fucking idiot face!!!!!!!!!!!
It is called a mouth and it is located on my face.  Do I need to buy you a star map?
I am an astrogator second degree GLHGALHABLHUBGLHUBAHLUABLHUGBALHBLHUAB
My name is Rands Rands Rands.  I have a plan plan plan.  To lick your dick dick dick.  And lick it quick quick quick.  Yes I am still a character on Jerkcity.
LLHLHLHLHLHLH I am the greatest cocksucker ever to grace this god's earth.
Perl can help me iterate over the cocks in a given stall, mark each as sucked or unsucked and sort them by length.  Then I can be gay with piss and go home and take a nap.
You're cordially invited...  (Open card)  To suck cock.
The absence of a definite article in the gerund phrase of that sentence means that as a result of a dangling participle it's not totally clear how much dick I have to suck during the holidays.
Have a very berry Christmas.  Get it?  It sounds like merry but it is in fact a different word.  Words that sound alike but have different meanings are called homophobes.
Holy HURRRRRRRRRRRRR BHADBVLAHLKR FVADH DFUBDFLBHDF BDFK;JBBJDAJKL BJL;DJKBDFJKBJK; FJDBJSA  Gasping for air  BHABSDFBKADFBL BH ADKLB DFBJDLBK DBJ DFB  Call the police this is HURRRRRRRRRRR  BUMP BUMP BUMP FFFFFFFFFFFF  Medic.
It's a bird!  It's a wheelchair!  Who pushed Mr. Reeve off the Space Needle?
Who wants to watch me jerk off to Final Fantasy VII ??!??!?!??!?
Cheers to pricks!!!!!!  Jeers to locks/deadbolts.
Step One:  Take sock off.  Step Two:  Jerk it into sock.  Step Three:  Replace sock.
I tinkle and then I stop tinkling and then after I pull my pants up there's a sudden spurt of tinkle so we all have prostate cancer.
And it turns out the dicks were hiding in the secret Ann Frank hole the entire time.  Any questions?
Be gay with me/us/them.
I bent over to pick up a nickel and spontaneously did an aerosol squirt!!!!!!!!!!!
Choking down ten black dicks in ten black minutes.
I'm ready for my next Barely Legal any fucking day now.  Wondering exactly how hard it can be to grab some runaway off the street and bend her in various poses and slap it around the same 50 pages of phone sex ads that have been running since 1982.  It should be Barely Weekly.
Curse you Larry Flynt Productions!
I will match you dick for dick and we will see who is the craziest.
I'm starting to get hungry ?!?!?!  Who's up for pricks?
Okay gang:  Funny things that can happen at the beach.  Ready go.  Cocksucking.  Pulling my pants down.  Face, balls, undertow.
Crumpling you up and doing you the right way.
Ladies and gentlemen I am floating through space.
CLICK CLICK CLICK Hi we're tourists!!!!  CLICK CLICK Where's the gay bashing fence again?
Try as I might I cannot will the bong to levitate into the living room.
For the last time I was not being gay in there I was simply practicing for a play.
He and I were just hugging and talking and hugging.
These gay magazines are for an art project!!!!!  Not beating off to.
I know that's my name on the mailing label but this is not my issue of "Hunk."  And furthermore I am most certainly innocent until proven guilty.
That's right fucko you'll keep your mouth shut if you know what's good for you.
Rubbing the nuts (to make fire).
Let's go ride the bong around the hotel.  DING DING Hi lady any mail for me no okay BLUGHLBUGHLUBHGLUBHLGUBHLLU  Look out, stairs, etc.
I need to know if you are mint or near mint.
I have holes poked in me rendering me useless to collectors.
Not a day goes by where I don't jerk myself until I get a stomach ache.
My piano teacher told me to play a B-flat but instead I played a B-fat then I plonked out some B-gays.  PLONK BLONK DONK BLUH HOO DEE BOO Shine.  Then I fell off the chair/bench.
Does St. Patrick's Day really mean I can ask any drunk Irishman to lick my dick?
Shyness is nice and / Shyness can stop you / From licking all the dicks in life / You'd like to.  BAM BAM Sir in the next stall are you catching my drift?
Sure lady I'll have phone sex with you!!!!!!!!!  SQUIRT Goodnight!!!!!!!!!  CLONK BA-DONK
I think instead of "Misdemeanor" Missy Elliot's middle name should be "Huge Fucking Fatass"
Could we please have less anal sex?  Thank you.
Cocksucking in the data center ???!?  Outrageous.
Are we there yet and if so are there dicks in the new land?
Be gay with me as we journey to the centre of the bowl.
Thank God for roofies and handguns.
I'm going to soil myself and others.
You be the Borg and I'll be Bill Gates and we can grope at each other's ass and nuts for half an hour (forty-five minutes).
Last night while I was asleep my boner developed a simple chat system.
You simply must agree to be gay with me.  I insist that we climb into the dick pit and do the job right.  First I will climb into the dumbwaiter and you will lower me down.  This is the big time and you are blocking progress.  I demand access to the kingdom HLUAHGLUAHLUAG
Dong Watch is a serious responsibility private.  If any escape you are responsible.
I have hunted down and sucked many an escaped dong.
Sometimes I worry about the nation's prick supply.
Start counting pricks at zero and you get an extra prick.
You are seriously shivering me timbers.
Who wants to practice "oral sex" with me?
It's lonely here without cocks & balls.
If I were HTML I'd be &amp;
By my calculations there would have been a second jizzer.  These arcs and spurts and lines indicate two seperate and distinct directions.
When I say I licked ~9 dicks could that mean 8 or 10 or 9.25?  Because honestly this time I don't remember.
I, Gay Robot.
Huge gay dicks!!!!!!!!!  Really poking now!!!!!!!!!!
I will roll quarters all night long but on the way to bail you out I will have a Big Mac attack and that's why you can't come home.
Do you kick ass?  You look like you kick ass daily.
Seriously can I eat it does it go in my fucking mouth?  What's the deal here help me out chief show me the money.  You catch it once.  You catch it twice.  You catch it with your love device.
You sure are "forcing" me to suck your dick whoever you are.
I had a dream that I was a stupid character in a comic strip.  Then poo squirted out and that was not a dream and I'm up at 8:30 AM with the sheets.
I was talking to this guy only to realize it was my reflection!!!  Then it got all ripply and I thought I was smoking dope but it was the toilet water rippling!!!!!!  And it was me with my face in the crapper the whole time!!!!!!!  Explain the why of that!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My solar observations for December 1999:  1. It's bright  2. I can see my own dick in the mirror  3. My neighbor's dogshit tastes tangy  4. I am totally incapable of getting an erection.
I have been fired from Jerkcity for my UFO beliefs.  Now I've been fired from Waldenbooks for my UFO beliefs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Fired from Chevron for my UFO beliefs.  Note: and by UFO beliefs I refer to tit squeezing beliefs.  Webzines face tough times.
It doesn't get louder than uppercase BAAAAA.
So he's like "how about I piss in your face"  And I'm all "no thanks"  So now I'm soaked.
Folks the sun's atmosphere has expanded to engulf and destroy Mercury and Venus!!!!!!!!  Can we please start working on a huge spaceship????????
A little bird looked down on me and said "suck more dicks" which is what brings me to the present, gentlemen.
I wrapped my mom's present (cookbook) and your present (buttplug) exactly the same and now I can't tell them apart!!!!!!!!  Zany hijinks ensue.
I propose a new transport layer on the Internet.  It will be designed specifically for porn / gayness / etc.
It's a dog lick dog dick world out there.  And it is my duty to point out that there are just not enough damn dicks.  To lick.  Your honor.
What part about "I want to lick your dick" don't you understand?
I just want to live my life and lick dicks!
The cover of my Hitch-Hiker's Guide says whenever I feel like panicking I should grab a dick and suck it!!!!!!  Thank God I can kneel on this towel and put out a series of shitty CD-ROMs.
The towel is for catching the spurt sir (you are so naive).
Perhaps bonghits will fix my Makefile.
I am a practitioner of the ancient Oriental art of dongagami.  I am folding dongs in to swans and swans in to dongs.
Have I told you how much I love your fatness lately?
Just carry on like I'm not here GLHGULHGULHGULHGULHG
This says Frappuccino but it is clearly piss.
Does nobody care that soon we'll be forced into little tents and concentration camps?!?!?!  And all our Jerkcity humor will be used against us in a court of cocks??????????
I suspect I will be found guilty of first degree dicklicking.
You can't send us out there with that gay bat flying around!
It's a hole city.  A city filled with holes.  I understand I am being abstract here but that is my nature.
Well obviously Cher doesn't think I'm strong enough to believe in love.  Well watch this!!!!!!!!  HLGUBHLRUHJJ0G9PTHGI&HB9J
It's a small world after all / It's a small world after all.  But it still won't fit up my ass.  Oh wait - there it went.
With God as my witness I am the worst Pokemon trainer ever.
I only suck dick in self defense.  And at the bookstore.
Punch me in the underpants.  Would you like some J's?  I will be right back with some J's.  JJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJ  I am just that good.  Punch me in the underpants!
Om.  Om HUALGHLAHGULAHULAG  Om.
I love dick a lot (not "alot" but rather "a lot")
Why are you hitting me with that mallet?
I can't decide if I want gays in the clergy or gays in the military!!!!!!!!!1  I sure as fuck want them out of my /lesbians directory.
Only in America can we be this gay and not be killed (although beaten severely).
To: your nuts  Cc: my face
What we want is your face full of spurt and two pricks on either side of your face.  Big smiles.  Click click click click click.
Folks we'll never ever ever ever ever ever ever fucking figure out what space and the universe is for so let's line up for burgers and porn and dope and blowjobs!!!!!!!
I would like to be gay not only in the past present and future tenses but also the pluperfect subjunctive tense.
I would like to call my mouth and balls to the stand.
Are you milking me???  I am not of the bovine variety!!!  I want a lawyer.
A is for fat, B is for fat, C is for fat.  Flipping through these cards it appears D through Z is also for fat.
Suing you for breach of dicksucking (even though you've been sucking my dick at 9 AM every day right on schedule).
Oh God I suck dick in my sleep.
Concentrate on my voice...  Soon you will be gay.
Yay for my balls.
Could someone point me to the nearest cache of dicks?
Guess what I found today???  That's right!!  I found the poo button!!!
Allow me to show you the path to wisdom and nirvana and all that gay stuff.
You know in England gay people hang out in the "lavatory".  And cocksucking is called "bangers and mash".  Also don't order a "pint of bitter".
I am willing to be gay at low, low prices.
I'm a bright shiny angel of God, sent down from Heaven to lick dick in the toilet!!!!!!!  Glory be.
There was this one dick that wouldn't stay licked.
You're four hundred pounds and you have a keychain with a rape whistle.  I've got half a mind to rape you on principle.
I have a two-prick system where if one spurts I can continue sucking on the spare.
I'll have a croissandwich and a glass of rape.
I don't know why they call it a concentration camp.  I certainly can't concentrate on anything but all the dicks packed closely to my face in this train car.
Please explain why everyone thinks my mouth is a urinal.
Okay people it's 4:30 in the morning and I'm still a complete faggot.  This better wear off.
I specifically checked "cowboy boner", not a fucking xmas boner.
Could we please have a moment of silence for my boner?
How to Eat Shit: An Essay.  Chapter One: Eating shit.
Well I tamed the boner monster!!!  Who wants to pet it?
Glug me down and leftwise and rightways.
I am going to lick your dick from 7:10 to 7:14 at which point you will gum up the works and tip me a wooden nickel which I will promptly eat.
I am licking dicks in a paper bag.
Just between you and me... I am willing to be gay with you and you and you and you and you.  Pass it on.
Hickory dickery dicks / I'm stuffing my face with pricks / Drink Pepsi.
If I could jerk off to one thing I'd jerk off to you you and you.  And you under there.
I call it Photoslop!!!!!!!  And Adobe Masturbator!!!!!  And Macromedia Crash!!!!!!  Ahhahaah does anyone get my jokes?!?!?!?  Join the tired cocksucker webring.
Listen up Lordy God and listen good.  Cos you got a lot of explaining to do.  First why did you spread all the unlicked dicks across continents?  Second do you validate parking?
Jesus.  I was lost there for a second.  Then I smelled that distinct smell of just licked dick.
Saturdays are for jerking.  Also clamping, hammering, and squeezing.  Carry on.
Let's not fight.  Let's hug.  For forty minutes.  Nude.
Does the F on my report card stand for farts or failure?
If there were no black men there would be no black sperm to make more black baby girls to grow up into black porn stars and that's why racism is bad and Hitler is cool.
You're looking pretty hot in that jumpsuit.  <SFX: rape>
I'd like to request that we no longer boldly go into the cabin.  Where I am raped for scientific purposes.
Here we are!!!  I told you it wasn't just another trick to get you into the toilet.
You are too fat around the fat around and we are stuck.  Endlessly orbiting each other in space.  A wordless grope ensues.
Christ I'm hard up for hardons.
The Lego company does not endorse the Lego Holocaust artwork.  Sending back my Legotown gas chamber / skeletons kit.
Oh yeah.  I'll be the prettiest girl in preschool.  Wait.  Second prettiest.
Are you aware of how hard it is to say no to space cowboys?  I can save myself by soiling myself and here I go.
Cocksucking 101.  First: stroke the dick.  Tell the dick you love it.  Second: kiss the dick.  Do it lightly like you're kissing someone for the first time.  Third: fucking suck the dick like you've never sucked before.  If you pass out that's all right.  You'll come to eventually.
I'm brilliant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The balls ate my balls page!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  We should totally do it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm so sorry... for everything that happened.  It is my fault because it was my project.  And now because of me we're here now.  Hungry cold and hunted.  I'm so scared.  I'm going to die out here.  HUALGALHLAHULAHLAG
Mister bluebird / On my shoulder / Raping him.
I'm going to lick these stone cold dicks.
Poo inspection (hold still).
Poo, a bowl of.
My $0.02!!!!  In the blab room!!!!  Where I'm sounding off and talking back and speaking out like a fat fucking American idiot!!!!  It's my right to express myself!!!!  Hurrrrrr hot urine and broken glass.
I masturbate just about daily.  Sometimes twice if something sets me off.  Like an Entertainment Tonight segment on supermodels or the mailman.  You have to be willing to go down that path and find your inner masturbator and convince him to get into the zone and go for the gold.  If not the gold then perhaps a handful of semen.
Sometimes, when I go on business trips or vacations, I don't get a chance to masturbate.  When you stomp around a strange city all day and come back to an impersonal hotel room, it's hard to get it on.  Here's a tip: pack something soft to spurt into.  Leave it in the room after you check out.
Did I mention I was molested?  I'm pretty sure I did, once or twice, but you did not offer to discuss the matter with me.  Let's have a nice quiet dinner and have a frank discussion about my dad's dong and how he put it in my mouth and ass now and then.  Anyway, I'm clearly the victim here and that's why I don't suck dick.  Hope you understand.
The hills are alive with the sound of boners.
With Pisschrist as my witness I am the man with the plan.  It goes something like this.  First we lick the wang.  Then we lick the wang some more (to be sure).
Now I don't want to get into the specifics but semen has an oyster-like consistancy and stings when it dribbles off my stupid face and into my eyes.  Holy Christ, it stings.
You can meet the most interesting people masturbating in the bathrooms of malls and department stores.  Go to your town's Emporium during your lunch hour and hang out.  If you're not particular, there's always Arby's.
For the most part, you can determine how many times per year you've masturbated.  Pick a year the battle began and an average number of sessions per day.  Consider this:  When all the numbers are multiplied out, you can then determine how much semen you've generated.  Enough to drown a toddler?  Hmm?
Apparently I cannot charge male escorts to my library card.
Rough closeted sex.  Okay not all that closeted.  And less rough than one might expect.
Hands up who here has tasted their own jizz.  Guzzling other people's jizz doesn't count.
Boy have I learned the rules of dick.  Location, location, location.
I spy with my little eye... nothing.  Thanks to your sharp stick.
Sorry for the spam, but:  Cocks.  Cocks.  Cocks.  Cocks.  Cocks.  Cocks.
Who ate three cartons of peanut butter ice cream and took a dump on my bedspread?
The Cockmobile will come to my town some day.  Then I can suck dicks from faraway lands.  And local cocks that I know and love.
Happy Memorial Day.  Don't forget to laugh at a disabled veteran.  They killed innocent children for you.
Homosexual sex, really not enjoying this too much.  Homosexual sex, prison.  Homosexual sex, stretchmarks around the mouth area.  Oh hi.  I'm just flipping through the index of my Queer Handbook.  Holy God.  I can get a merit badge just for being jizzed up.
Don't try to fool me into not sucking it!!!  Distracting me will only fail HULAHGLUAG
If I go to the three o'clock meeting and sit there and put my nuts and wang on the table, please promise that you will not take the blackjack and start beating the crap out of my extremities.
Even a stopped clock gives head twice a day.  Why can't you?
There's nothing perverted or gay about me wanting to open a boutique.  It's a cock boutique with little bows and ribbons but it's not what you think.  Little hats and costumes for the puppet show I put on each morning.
Mmm hurble burble look at me on my way to school.  I sure am gay.  Time for cocks.
I'm going to suck your cock until you're blue in the face and I'm not hungry anymore.
Look what I can do without assistance from the audience:  HALUGHU LAHGLU HAULGHALUGHULAGUALUGHALUGH LAUGHLAUGH LUAGLAG ALUKG HALGH LAUG LUAHGLU HGALU HAGL HLAUG HLAGHL AHGLU HALGH AAG Okay I need some help here HUAGHALGU HALUKG LUAGH LUAG Perhaps a ladder or a bucket HALUGHALGHLU
Any kind of dick will do but I prefer to chomp and chew on the Northern American variety for various reasons/conditions.  Seriously if you could just form a line to the left of the urinals I'll get to business.
It turns out "nads" is short for "gonads" which is slang for balls.  Anyway I got kicked there.
Actually the bone that connects my nuts to my wrist is sprained.  That's my jerkbone.  Possibly my jizzbone, I'm not a doctor.
I asked you to wait thirty minutes before licking another dick.  You're going to get a horrible pain in the belly.  If I didn't know better I'd swear you unlicked them on purpose.
How about you take me Chinaman style (opium, peeing in my coke, rice, railroads, laundry).
Wow, dick for me.
I am like the sunflower, hiding with my knees bunched up in the toilet trying to look through the partition at other people's pissing dicks.  Okay maybe less like a sunflower.
I am trying to draw a bong but it just looks like a boner!!!  GIF after GIF of boner after boner!!!  Am I just gay???  Write back.
Weebles wobble but they don't suck dick.
Hello??  Yes this is Jerkcity.  Why yes our refrigerator is running.  What?  Grr.
I'd better jerk off for good measure.
What do these nine dicks have to do with the price of tea in China???  I'll say!!!  Hug-a-lug-ah.
You all deserve a medal.  The brown medal.  (It's brown)
I spilled piss on my new carpet.  A little jizz will take that right out.
I have taped a cross to my door but still the dicks come pouring in a night.  Dear God how can I possibly worship you when you have sent these things to pound around my face/ass/hair?
You will be Jacques from the Soviet Union and I will play the part of Terry from Canada and we are in an international toilet.
I prefer pie, cake.  Also ice cream.  I mentioned cake above (previously).  Also Hostess products and products related to the Hostess line.
Doot dee doo!!!!!  Packing my suitcase.  I Love England t-shirt?????  Check!!!!!  Fake fucked-up buckteeth???  Check.  Knickers, trousers, jelly babies, check check check.  Doing a funny walk to the airport!!!!!!  Waving the Union Jack!!!!!  Vrrrrrrrooooom!!!!  Up in the plane.  Blah blah talking to everyone and spilling things and making farts.  Screeeeeeeeeeech!!!!  I'm here!!!!!  Finally!!!!!!  The Westminster Dong Show!!!!!!!  Aw crikey.
I tell you soon you will have a box with some poo in it.
Moods are like rainbows, in that I'm a cocksucker.
Where have all the faggots gone?  I asked you a direct question!!!  Where have all the FPFHFHFHTTH  Found 'em.
It was like I told you:  Dicks to the left, dicks to the right.  Then I say "Hey are you George Michael?"  And of course he runs out.  Unlicked dicks by the basket is all I'm asking.  Standard laundry hamper sized baskets, yes.
So: poo then.
Is Mumia free yet????  I've had this bumper sticker on my car for three weeks now.
Knock knock seriously here are some clean towels and bath oils and precious lotions and advanced skin conditioners and for God's sake let me come in the bathroom with you.
You keep those cocks out of my garden or I'll knock your block off.
Is that a big fat dong in your pants or are you just happy to see me?!?!?!?!?!?!  Don't care just flop it out regardless.
I see you masturbating like your life depends on it and I say "slow it down take your time" also I met Elvis in a paytoilet in Golden Gate Park.
I can't see.  Please turn the lights on.  I'm not saying to not be gay just turn the lights up.  Okay turn them off.
I am so gay right now I don't think I'll ever come down.  Well off to the toilet.  I said *off to the toilet*.
And so Jesus came out of the cave and said "It's okay to be gay."
Punch pound whap slap lash fencepost beatings freezings shootings and communities coming together.
I am Swedish and drowning and asking for hjalp.  Ja ja in der tjoilets.
Sitting at the bus stop calculating how to divide $5.00 in quarters between porno booths & Snickers.
I express my anger through my pottery.  And poetry.  And cocksucking.
Hahahah remember when Bill Gates got creamed with a pie?!?!?!?  Oh God your black dong is pushing me inside out practically.
Sir you are pushing my face into a pile of dogshit.  Sir in the blue pants.
Can we play Phantom Stallbooth?  Hoo boy I'm bored what's this a cardboard stall?  Honk bonk suddenly in toilet land.  Urf duh learning about numbers and letters and jizz.  Mathemajizzmop???
This is like Sesame Street but without the sesame and quite frankly there's not much street either.  So I guess it's kind of a sesame rape.  (Without the sesame but with extra rape.)
I would like to register as a web developer and also a child molestor.  Can I do both in the same line or no?
You can't tell me with a straight face that you've never given head to anonymous Marines in the back of a Camero with Quiet Riot playing can you???  I thought not.
What does it mean when fingers and hands and arms and sometimes whole people find their way into your stall and you suck them all off?
The balls page.  Here's a link to my balls.  Here's other balls I think are cool.  You can mail my balls.  Here are my balls again in frame format.  These balls are a transparent GIF89A.  These balls are under construction!!!!!!  Please excuse the nuts!!!!!
Cut off my motherfucking dick and stuff it into my mouth and kick me down the waterslide.
1-800-URINE isn't even seven ddddd oh Jesus you're soaking me.
Piss fight (handing out Dixie cups and splash guards).
Folks God is telling me to jerk off again (in order to save the universe).
HUALGHLAHG.  Matching a dick for a prick and back again.  It is the will of God.  The way of the world.  Panic in the stalls.  Oh HULAHGLAHLUGAUHLGHLA the humanity HULAHGALHGLAG.  Save, save as.  I am livid that you chose to hold back pricks.  I question your judgement in this matter.  Canned pancakes, cocks for let, crappy poo, welcome to Saigon.  GALAGALHAGLHALUGHALHULGAG Frogger.
Do you Yahoo????????  I Yahood all over your stupid fucking face!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Up with dick.
My penis doesn't work!!!  When I hit it with a hammer it doesn't squeek anymore.
Eight Snickers later I have diharrea.
Yumpin Yiminey.  I'll see you on the dark side of the balls.  Won't you please help.  A treasure trove of dick.  A gay gay day in August (da dum).  Fuh sez I.  Pricks of mass destruction that's for sure.  Yan can cram.  Oasis.  A gay parade down main street.  Blindfold and choke me plz.
Remember that time we were gay with each other in the UPS truck and then it took off and the door slid shut and we went to Vermont?
Jimmy crack corn and I suck dick.
My Latino pride is offended by your boner.
This urine stain really ties the room together.
Investigative Repuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh pants down.  Spreading my cheeks.  LBHLAHBLAHBLABH like a Pac Man.
If this is the 80's then I'm jerking it under the bed to Penthouse in 10.
I save every scrap of porn because who knows what I'll be into three months down the road.
I have smoked myself retarded.
You there.  No puking on your shoes.
He's all "Wanna pounda dope" and I say yes sir and the next thing I know he's really pounding it into my face!!!!!!  Then I realize I am the dope.
I am primed and ready for gayness.
Every station please give me a go/no go for gayness.
You'd better believe I suck dick!!!!  I've been a closet fag as far back as I can remember!!!  I take Viagra just to get it up with you!!!  I'm addicted to pornography and I think my whole life is falling apart!!!  I'm juggling so many huge cocks and dumb girls like yourself I can't even remember what all your names are half the time.
Dear Steve Case!!  I have been an AOL member for three days!!!  But my South Park sounds are broken/don't play.
My lava lamp told me to shoot the neighbors (and to smoke pot, sit around).
Sawdust!!!!!!!!!!!!  I need lots of sawdust!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Kitty Litter!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Tarps and blankets and towels!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Anything that soaks up lots of piss fast!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Please hurry!!!!!
Silently I dunk my nuts into the cold toilet water hmmm urrrrr.
When I jerk off I feel good for about twenty seconds and then wham it's right back into suicidal depression.
Severe weather advisory.  My face.  Your nuts.  UHGUGHUGHUGHGUHGUHGUGH.  Tomorrow:  Partially cloudy.  Your nuts again.
Please override my virtual member.
I have issues with my fatness, my gayness, my Loch Ness monster.
I like di_k (only one letter to go and you win the prize).
I cannot tell if everyone in marketing is a polished, professional Mormon or just super-high on the coke dust.  I would like to err on the side of caution and lick on the side of dicklicking.  I see little to nothing wrong with that.
Yay!!!!!  Kevin is free to roam the earth and suck cock and get old and die.
I jerk two dicks before I jerk two dicks.  It makes me feel all right.
Leggo my pricko.
*SMASH*  I have thrown a potted plant from your front yard through your window!!!!  Sorry to interrupt your dinner but I would like to cuddle your cat!!!!!!!!!  Surprise!!!!!  I am cuddling your toddler's balls.
NBC should call the show "Wangs" and it should have more dicks in it.
Sorry I punched you in the throat.  Get up.
I can't see with this blinding white light.  I don't want to go to Heaven now!!!  My work is not done here!!!  At least put me back on Earth in the body of a cocksucker.
You're jizzing up my face with revolutionary space-age polymers.
Hey everyone Muppets are on.  And by "Muppets" I mean fat dicks.
Three fucking cheers for my fat self.  I just ate a whole pumpkin pie in the living room.  I am seriously like an octopus at a boner buffet.  I'm going to be backed up until Friday.
Please place me on masturbative leave.
Are bukakke and perquacky the same type deal?  Re: Rolling dice with letters and two hundred fags beating off on my face.
Whoever is in charge of jizz please angle it over yonder.
This movie does not have Chris Noth!!!!!  It is Peter North.  Why is he doing that to Claire?  Is he planting evidence on her face?????  I am totally lost here.
Gakkkk.  Your hands are tight around my fat neck.
To me, the best thing about marijuana is that everything is just "good enough".
I cannot tell the difference between porn stars and sports people.  Dialing 10 10 heroin overdose.
Hi queers, I'm just out spreading the word of God.  For every dick you consciously decide to choke down, that's one step closer to not making it into the kingdom.  I'm talking about the queer kingdom south of Folsom.
Can I please have a fag hug?
A gang of mouths.  Man the battlestations, men.
My mouth she is for dicks.
When I suck them off they grunt and go muhhhhh buhhh duhhhh instead of "Oh yeah baby come on" or "You're the best" or "Hurry up the bus is coming".
I will see your honk and raise you a bonk and something involving a donk???  A chonk???  Whatever is most racist.
I'm going to be in the Glory Hole Olympics.
Can I just say one thing?  I sure like sucking dick.  Thanks.  Just had to come back and say please keep what I said before confidential.  Not from the fags though.
What do we want?  Cocks.  When do we want em?  Now.  What do we want?  *HOMPH*  When do we want em?  *MURF*
I was promoted to head of the adjustment committee.  If the inmate is sentenced by the adjustment committee to isolation time, he will be placed into a segregation unit to await review.  That's when I sneak in and lick the dick.
I have a question.  Does Cherry Coke make you gay?  I'm asking for a friend you see.
Okay folks I just have to say one thing.  I promised myself I wasn't going to cry today.  But then hoo huh 10,000 Maniacs on the radio and urf sob duh.
We were funning around Your Honor.  Doctors say she won't walk again but prostitutes don't need to walk.  They do???  I thought they could inchworm around.
Ha ha remember that time you guys took me out in the woods on a snipe hunt???  And we ran around looking for snipes and then you said you caught one and I said let me see it and you all surprised me with rape.
Buffalo gal won't you lick on my dong / Lick on my dong / Lick on my dong.  Okay I will widen the scope and suggest that anyone can lick my dong.  Even unemployed people???????????  Yes!!!!!!!!!
Piss.  Honk.  Piss.  Honk honk.  Piss.  Honk honk honk honk.  Gay signals.
Are you a Crip or a Blood or just a cocksucker?
Boba Fett is definitely sucking me off through the glory hole.  Maybe it's Jabba the Hut.  It's hard to tell when all you have to feel around in there is your dick.
Let's play code you can be math.h and I can suck your big queer dick then I can be strcmp and you can compare my balls then together we can plot curves in some sort of stack based language.  Seriously there's hay in my pants.
Sigh!!!!!  I wish I could go on a journey and escape this high school P.E. class.  I wish Pink Floyd would whisk me away to the dark side of the moon!!!!!!!!  *BONK* Softball.
For your birthday I have gotten you:  Nothing.  Which is actually a positive thing since usually I get you:  A punch to the tits.  And by that I mean assault and battery on your girlfriend.
Well I pierced my dick but that did not repeat not make me cool.  Now my piss sprays everywhere.
Let's get high and remember old times!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Ohhhhhhhh mares lick dicks and does lick pricks and little lambs are faggots.
I have had sex with 5000 different filthy holes in bookstore walls.
Hanna Barbera sort of sounds like hand me a boner.  If a cock's in your mouth.  (If).  Can I erase this?  Seriously can I undo?
Now that's what I call a strange melange of dicks and balls and gay dads.
Nobody sucks a cock like (static) sucks cock.
I love you so very, very much MMMMM come to me MMMMMMM Kissing things I should not be kissing MMMMMMMMMM.
Dude that's a lamp post.  And a particularly unattractive one at that.  Have you no standards?!?!?!?  Jesus Christ you're really going down on it.
Willing to be gay, to pay extra to be extra gay.  But not willing to pay extra and only get gay.
Jacking off, jacking up and down and out the door and down the block.  For cigarettes, dicklicking.  Mostly dicklicking as I do not smoke.  Then again maybe some dicklicking.  Who really knows.
If you would shut up for ten seconds I could spurt this load all over your dumb fat face.
Escorted out for masturbating.
Now here's a rap about why cucumbers are better than men!!!  A PTHTHTH A *BONK* Anvil.
God Christ in Heaven I spilled my seed on the floor.  I missed the fucking thing altogether.  Fucking fuck.  I'd better join a church and do my part to help with overpopulation.  Plus I'd rather jerk off into a woman.
Puh fth feh.  I'm completely covered in piss.  What the hell happened?
All this talk about tools and stretching has given me quite the boner.  And I'm quite the faggot.
Sequester: to rape repeatedly.  Fisticuffs: to insert one's fist into someone else's face/ass.  Truculent: to behave like a useless woman.
Torn between two boners.  Sort of just smooshed.  In between them.  In the middle is what I'm saying.  Between them.
I'm having trouble with Pac-Man could someone help?  What is with the little ghost?  And the black guy I hafta blow for quarters?
I'm searching over 450 airlines and more than 2 billion fares to find you the lowest available faire to satisfy your travel needs!!!!!!!!!!  Fat queer angry cocks from outer space that glow and make a noise.
I don't know what "creme de la face" is all about but I'm crossing the street.
Two all beef patties dicks and pricks and pricks and pricks something something.
I jerk it in the morning.  I jerk it in the night.  I jerk it in the toilet.  I jerk it in plain sight.  I want to jerk it with you.  It's called "reggae" you racist phobes.
Please let me know when you get to the churros.  Also if you could please fellate them while I beat off in your wife's face.
I'm an Africanized honey bee!!!!  All starving and AIDSy.  I'm a Mexicanized honey bee!!!!  Tacos y tostadas.  I'm a Germanized honey bee!  Arbeit macht frei.  I'm an Iranized honey bee!!!!  Mullah bin kaff gag sand.  Halp.
My dick is a time machine and masturbation is the on/off switch.
Well according to weather.com's up to the minute accucast I'm a fag.  Nexrad says I'm a fag too.  Oh God all the visible satellites are flashing FAG FAG FAG (open your window, look up).
I have placed tiny hairs and fibers on my porn pile so if it's disturbed while I'm out I will most definitely find out.
Stormtroopers wearing only helmets, black socks????  Forty minutes of Jawas giving head???  This is the worst Episode Two ever.
I was watching The Trigger Effect last night and it shocked me how fragile this thing called civilization was and anyway I ended up staying up late and drinking more than usual on a Sunday night so long story short I sucked all the dicks.
